# octopus

For the first JS vs. DOM assignment I created a little quiz. It contains some functions and loops that us noobs consider fancy, animations and even a counter! The page is built with Material Design Bootstrap. You'll find a bunch of comments on my code in the index.html, ../css/style.css and ../js/main.js files. The octopus animated gif is blatantly stolen. The rest is composed by yours truly.

A few words on the concept. I actually wanted to create a quiz game right from the start. When wondering about the subject of the game I suddenly thought: "Hey, let's do an octopus-quiz, they're such cool and interesting creatures." And at that same moment I realized how fitting this multi-armed creature was as an mascot for a multi-question game. So I went to the drawing board, a.k.a. Figma. I wanted the page to have a web-app feel to it; no scrolling, no re-loading, etc. Somehow that led me to a material design starter kit; it just made sense to make an app using a design language for apps. When the design was done, I was about to setup Bootstrap in my empty index.html file when I stumbled upon Material Design Bootstrap. Decided to give that a shot - and that ended up being fun and very educational. I was very near the final product when I started making the loading screen. I needed some words to describe my Octopus application there. The first thing that came to mind was "a stupid quiz". Not that the idea was stupid or anything like that. I guess I just realized I wasn't gonna win any awards for this site; that the Javascript logic was for sure noob-ish. This thought ended up being the final input I needed for my concept. A thing that's supposed to measure some sort of knowledge, is made stupid. Let's just embrace the stupidity of the whole thing and make it full on stupid. So I re-wrote every word on the page to put on those final, stupid touches. An octopus can be a very smart animal, with problem solving skills equal to 3-year olds. So I made it 3-year old. 